# Airline Portfolio Analysis
Portfolio Investment for Airline industry amidst the COVID-19 pandemic

# Abstract
The coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic situation is unprecedented and catastrophic and since its inception in China last year, the anticipation regarding its impact and cure is ineffective. This virus has put a lot of things on hold, leading to lockdown and complete shutdowns in most of the countries for at least a month. The ramifications of this virus other than human casualties majorly also involve slowdown of the world economy affecting every industry’s operation and their stock prices. Time-series forecasting is one of the most encountered applications in the Data world. The company’s financial data ( stock prices, revenues, etc. ) is collected at regular intervals and different scales such as daily, weekly, seasonally, and yearly, along with an overall trend.
Modeling a time series and predicting future values is an important skill. One simple but powerful method for analyzing and predicting a time series is the additive model. For our study, we have considered Airline industry performance amidst the pandemic and have built different additive models for the time-series data using the Prophet package developed by Facebook for time series forecasting. As our study captures the impact of Covid-19 on the airline industry, so we have selected the model containing data points from February to May 2020, without splitting further in training and test records. It gave the lowest MAPE and MAE among the other additive models we built.
